You tell him that you have no memory. The barkeep gives you a startled look. 

“Surely, you remember something,” he says. You shake your head.

“The only thing I remember is my name.” You reach for the amulet, running a 
thumb along the script. The barkeep freezes as he sees it.

“Put that away,” he barks. “It’s like you’re in a rush to get caught again.”

This time it’s your turn to look startled. The barkeep only lets out a bitter 
laugh in response.

“You’re the escaped prisoner that the city’s guards are searching for, aren’t 
you?” His eyes focus on the glint of bronze still visible from where you’d 
tucked it into the jacket. “After all, it’s not every day that someone wanders 
into my tavern wearing the symbol of the Order of the Oak.”

“The Order of the Oak…” you repeat, sounding the words out on your tongue.

“Aye, they were once the protectors of the realm. An order of knights, who 
guarded an enchanted tree deep in the forest. They say the tree is the reason 
why our land was blessed by good harvest and fair weather for so long,” the 
barkeep cracks a smile. “Probably a bunch of superstitious nonsense though.”

He places his cloth down on the bar and looks thoughtful. “They haven’t been 
seen in over a year though. I thought perhaps they’d disappeared for good 
until you sat down in front of me.”

There’s the sound of the tavern door opening and a group of people entering. 
You go to look, but the barkeep stops you with a hand on your shoulder. 

“Looks like the guard has caught up to you,” the barkeep says quietly. 
“This way.”

He pulls you down a corridor, but instead of leading you to the rear exit, you 
find yourself at the door to a root cellar. He pries the wooden hatch open, 
revealing a pit of darkness beneath. 

“There’s a tunnel at the bottom that leads to the outskirts of town, I suggest 
you take it,” the barkeep says, eyes flickering back down the way they came. 
“If you really are a member of the Order of the Oak, then maybe you can find 
out what happened to them. If there was ever a time the realm needed their 
protection, it’s now.”

You hear noise down the corridor and make the quick decision to trust the man, 
dropping down the ladder and into the darkness.
