You get closer. You trace your way through the underbrush towards the noise. 
The voices increase in volume as you near and you can pick out the odd word.

"–Nothing here–"

"–Check again–"

You crouch behind a tree and peer out onto what appears to be a small clearing. 
A carriage, doors flung open, sits in the middle of it while two people sit 
nearby hands tied. Across from them, a group of cloaked figures search through 
a collection of overturned trunks.

It doesn't take you long to piece together these two poor souls have been 
beset by bandits, but what to do about it proves more challenging. The bandits 
are still arguing among themselves as they sift through the travellers' 
belongings. You eye the jewels discarded by their feet. What else could be 
more valuable that the bandits would ignore something that could no doubt feed 
them for months?

One of the bandits spins around and stalks towards the prisoners. He seizes 
the older one by the collar and pulls him upwards as the man struggles to keep 
up with the sudden move.

"Where is it?" The bandit snarls. The older man's jaw clenches, but he doesn't 
answer. "Do not play with me, monk!"

The bandit draws a dagger and presses it beneath the man's chin.

"Is your life really worth one book?" The bandit asks, then his eyes slide to 
the side. "Or that of your companion?"

You can sense the situation growing dire and action is needed if you have any 
chance of saving these two people. Hastily, you search your surroundings for 
something that might help you. A large boulder is your only option. You heft 
it above your shoulders and toss it as far into the distance as you can. The 
boulder sails through the brush and lands with a resounding crash.

The sound has immediate impact. The two other bandits jolt upright, heads 
turned in the direction of the noise, while the bandit with the dagger freezes. 
He snaps a glare over his shoulder at the other two.

"What in the hell was that?" The other two bandits shrug in response and you 
see the first bandit's cheeks go ruddy in anger. "Well, don't just stand there. 
Go find out!"
